README.md, before:

# _Programming Language Selector_

#### By _**Lauren Schrader**_

#### _A 5-question form, where users can determine which programming language they should learn._

## Technologies Used

* **HTML** - For designing the structure of the form.
* **CSS** - For styling the content of the form.
* **Git/GitHub** - For tracking all changes made to the project.
* **VSCode** - The code editor used for writing all code of the project.

## Description

_This interactive form helps users decide on which programming language to learn. The user will answer 5 simple question. Based on the answers, this application will give the user a personalized language recommendation._

_Although some of the questions may **seem** entirely unrelated to programming, this survey will nonetheless provide users with invaluable guidance in selecting their very first programming language._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a great place_
* _to list setup instructions_
* _in a simple_
* _easy-to-understand_
* _format_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this application depends on? We recommend deleting the project from your desktop, re-cloning the project from GitHub, and writing down all the steps necessary to get the project working again.}_

## Known Bugs

_No known bugs or issues. If you find any, please report them._

## License

[MIT](./License.txt)

_For any issues, questions, or concerns about this application, contact the author: laurenschrader123@gmail.com_

Commit message:

Complete README, now with setup instructions.

README.md, after:

# _Programming Language Selector_

#### By _**Lauren Schrader**_

#### _A 5-question form, where users can determine which of the following programming languages they should learn: **Python**, **C++**, **Ruby**, or **C#**._

## Technologies Used

* **HTML** - For designing the structure of the form.
* **CSS** - For styling the content of the form.
* **Git/GitHub** - For tracking all changes made to the project.
* **VSCode** - The code editor used for writing all code of the project.

## Description

_This interactive form helps users decide which programming language to learn, between **Python**, **C++**, **Ruby**, and **C#**._

_The user will answer 5 simple question. Based on these answers, the application will give the user a personalized programming language recommendation._

_Although some of the questions may **seem** entirely unrelated to programming, this survey will nonetheless provide users with invaluable and sound guidance, in selecting a programming language._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

To use this application, users have 2 options: 

#### 1. Visit the Live Webpage:

Simply click [here](https://laurenschrader.github.io/Code-Review-2/), to be redirected to the live survey webpage application.

#### 2. Run on Your Local Server:

Run this program on your own local server, by following these steps:

* **Clone this repository:** 
  1. On this page, click the green "code" button. 
  2. Within the pop-up, copy the HTTPS URL. 
  3. Now, in your terminal, navigate to your desktop.
  4. Type 'git clone', immediately followed by the URL.
  5. Type 'cd Code-Review-2', to navigate into the folder.

  * **Open Project** 
  1. Then, type 'code .' to open the project. 
  2. Once opened, right click inside the index.html file, and select "Open with Live Server". 
  
  _This will redirect to your browser, where you can use the application._

  _**Note:** Ensure you have VSCode and a web browser installed, to run this application._

## Known Bugs

_No known bugs or issues. If you find any, please report them._

## License

[MIT](./License.txt)

_For any issues, questions, or concerns about this application, contact the author: laurenschrader123@gmail.com_
